README.md, before:

# Nodejs website template

 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jordivila/userAdmin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jordivila/userAdmin)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin.svg)](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin#info=devDependencies)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/jordivila/userAdmin/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/jordivila/userAdmin)

This website template is in beta. I'm using Nodejs & Mongodb to build a website deployable to an azure website in just one click.

Objectives

1. Lightweight application 
2. SPA application with SEO support 
3. Automated testing and continuous integration
4. Client/server cross platform -> node.js & native mobile appliactions
5. Client/server module application with dependency loader
6. Client/server internationalization support 

Task List
 
1. Use Google & Facebook & github passport authentication

SEO Tools

1. http://seositecheckup.com/
2. http://www.woorank.com 

Use this as a check list when deploying

- [http://seositecheckup.com](http://seositecheckup.com "Seo Check")
- [https://asafaweb.com/Scan?Url=jordivilanode.azurewebsites.net](https://asafaweb.com/Scan?Url=jordivilanode.azurewebsites.net)

Dev Words

1. Nodejs, Mongodb, Mocha , jqUnit, grunt, bower, express, handlebars, azure

Next things to keep an eye

- [Deploy to Azure button](http://blog.stevenedouard.com/continuous-delivery-azure-websites-atlassian/ "Deploy to Azure button")
- [10 tips performance](https://engineering.linkedin.com/nodejs/blazing-fast-nodejs-10-performance-tips-linkedin-mobile "10 tips performance")
- [10 tips performance](http://www.sitepoint.com/10-tips-make-node-js-web-app-faster/ "http://www.sitepoint.com/10-tips-make-node-js-web-app-faster/")
- [making dashboard faster](https://engineering.gosquared.com/making-dashboard-faster "making dashboard faster")
- [FreeCodeCamp.com](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/freecodecamp "freecodecamp.com")

Check web site online

- [powermapper](http://try.powermapper.com/ "try.powermapper.com")

Utils

- [http://markdownpad.com/](http://markdownpad.com/ "http://markdownpad.com/")
- [https://regex101.com/](https://regex101.com/ "https://regex101.com/")

Commit message:

crossLayer : query param names, cookie names, etc

README.md, after:

# Nodejs website template

 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jordivila/userAdmin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jordivila/userAdmin)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin.svg)](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/jordivila/userAdmin#info=devDependencies)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/jordivila/userAdmin/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/jordivila/userAdmin)

This website template is in beta. I'm using Nodejs & Mongodb to build a website deployable to an azure website in just one click.

Objectives

1. Lightweight application 
2. SPA application with SEO support 
3. Automated testing and continuous integration
4. Client/server cross platform -> node.js & native mobile appliactions
5. Client/server module application with dependency loader
6. Client/server internationalization support 

Task List
 
1. Use Google & Facebook & github passport authentication
2. Cross layer for constants like 'appVersion' or 'seoRequest', cookie names or even i18n texts
3. Remove i18n lib from backend & use a custom method to get i18n text values using Globalize.Messages previously loaded on server start event

SEO Tools

1. http://seositecheckup.com/
2. http://www.woorank.com 

Use this as a check list when deploying

- [http://seositecheckup.com](http://seositecheckup.com "Seo Check")
- [https://asafaweb.com/Scan?Url=jordivilanode.azurewebsites.net](https://asafaweb.com/Scan?Url=jordivilanode.azurewebsites.net)

Dev Words

1. Nodejs, Mongodb, Mocha , jqUnit, grunt, bower, express, handlebars, azure

Next things to keep an eye

- [Deploy to Azure button](http://blog.stevenedouard.com/continuous-delivery-azure-websites-atlassian/ "Deploy to Azure button")
- [10 tips performance](https://engineering.linkedin.com/nodejs/blazing-fast-nodejs-10-performance-tips-linkedin-mobile "10 tips performance")
- [10 tips performance](http://www.sitepoint.com/10-tips-make-node-js-web-app-faster/ "http://www.sitepoint.com/10-tips-make-node-js-web-app-faster/")
- [making dashboard faster](https://engineering.gosquared.com/making-dashboard-faster "making dashboard faster")
- [FreeCodeCamp.com](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/freecodecamp "freecodecamp.com")

Check web site online

- [powermapper](http://try.powermapper.com/ "try.powermapper.com")

Utils

- [http://markdownpad.com/](http://markdownpad.com/ "http://markdownpad.com/")
- [https://regex101.com/](https://regex101.com/ "https://regex101.com/")
